---
tags:
  - Henry
  - BeautifulWoman
  - May
  - SirRolandMowthalorn
  - FrancisThompson
related:
  - "[[79]]"
  - "[[4]]"
location: Clun, Shropshire
---
I dimly guess why the old dead so wanted this. I had worked for him, Henry had worked for him. If I could get up, as, believe me, I cannot, I would have a thing to say to her. She lolls over at me gloating, her mouth blood-tinted on the puma freckle of her beauty. Why should I think of Henry at this particular juncture? I have it. Scotland Yard, of course. And little ‘twill matter to one. A sorry thing to be last noticed : the buttonhole has escaped from the buttonholer. He, the reckless old cock, slips down past Woolworth’s and she continues full-sail toward the Kursal, as flush—oh, you wicked woman—as May. The girl is smiling at me. That’s not so good. Here I shake off the bur o’ the world, man’s congregation shun. O beastly woman. You know not how ill’s all here, about my heart ; but I know. Henry, I feel it, is for the first and last time getting out of hand. Good-bye, Henry. He drops awa. . . . .

# Notes
-  "flush as May" c.f. [[79]]
- Buttonholer is #SirRolandMowthalorn [[4]] 
- "'Tis a long way further than Knighton,/A quieter place than Clun,/Where doomsday may thunder and lighten/And little 'twill matter to one."
	- A. E. Housman, "Clunton and Clunbury"
	- Location is Clun?
- "Here I pluck loose the body's cerementing,/And break the tomb of life; here I shake off/The bur o' the world, man's congregation shun,/And to the antique order of the dead/I take the tongueless vows"
	- Francis Thompson, "An Anthem of Earth"