---
tags:
  - Pill
  - Surrey
  - WaltWhitman
location: Stoke d'Abernon, Surrey
narrator: "[[John]]"
---
The best I had done seemed to me blank and suspicious, my great thoughts as I supposed them, were they not in reality meagre? Next day I would have to pay for all I had had of solace, and for all I would have later. It would, I thought, have seemed impossible to link Will’s friend Ben with Will’s wife, and yet they went off together, or at least on that same day : the bricklayer out of Annandale and the inheritor of the second-best bed : strange bedfellows. Underneath this stone, he had said, doth lie as much Beauty as could die ; but of course he hadn’t been talking about her. Nor had either had anything to do with my waking, my strong tea, and my first pill. That all happened by the Mole, and there was the oldest brass in England, saying : SIRE : IOHAN : DAUBERNOUN : CHIVALER : GIST : ICY : DEV : DE : SA : ALME : EYT : MERCY. Good enough. We have circled and circled till we have arrived home again, we two.

# Notes
- Brass is a portrait of John d'Aubernon
- The River Mole runs through southern England
- "We have circled and circled till we have arrived home again, we two,  
	We have voided all but freedom and all but our own joy."
	- Walt Whitman, "We Two, How Long We Were Fool'd"
- "I was Ben Jonson, out of Annandale,/Bricklayer in common to the good Lord God."
	- Alfred Noyes, "Big Ben"
- Anne Shakespeare (nee Hathaway) was given William's second-best bed in his will
- "Underneath this stone doth lie/As much beauty as could die;"
	- Ben Jonson, "Epitaph on Elizabeth, L. H."