---
tags:
  - Clement
  - Pill
  - May
  - WaltWhitman
location: Stoughton
narrator: "[[John]]"
---
At my meeting with Clement yesterday, he had been quite specific : less than twenty thousand yards as average—seventeen thousand six hundred to be exact—full ration of the assassin’s wonderful substance, a little act of justice at the end of less than a week, and then the glorious stuff galore for ever. I felt excellent as I took my second pill. At least I was on my way, for I had come upon the major half of a publishing firm ; they had always been very good to me, what with Austin Freeman, Oppenheim and Mary Roberts Rinehart. O my mother was loath to have her go away, all the week she thought of her, she watched for her many a month. And then there was a forgotten line. But the red squaw never came nor was heard of there again. I thought it a pity that Hodder was not there : what a sweet name for a village! My signs are a rain-proof coat, good shoes. No friend of mine takes his ease in my chair. I have no chair.

# Notes
- 17,600 yards is exactly 10 miles
- I tramp a perpetual journey, (come listen all!)/signs are a rain-proof coat, good shoes, and a staff cut from the woods,/No friend of mine takes his ease in my chair,/I have no chair, no church, no philosophy,
	- Walt Whitman, Song of Myself
- R. Austin Freeman, E. Phillips Oppenheim, and Mary Roberts Rinehart are all crime and detective writers
	- All published by Hodder and Stoughton
- "All the week she thought of her, she watch’d for her many a month,/She remember’d her many a winter and many a summer,/But the red squaw never came nor was heard of there again."
	- Walt Whitman, "The Sleepers"
	- Second line is the forgotten one
- Stoughton is near Guildford, which is the location in [[20]]
	- There are other Stoughtons, thoug