---
tags:
  - Henry
  - Clement
  - WaltWhitman
date: 2 August
location: Emsworth, Hampshire
narrator: "[[John]]"
---
I was a little consoled for the weeping weather by the fact that Gainsborough had gone out to-day. And, now I came to think of it, Henry had also gone to-day ; poor Henry, who had stayed uncomfortably after his meeting with Clément yesterday. Henceforth I ask not good fortune, I myself am good fortune, I changed. Henceforth I whimper no more, postpone no more, need nothing, done with indoor complaints, libraries, querulous criticisms. But that would be scanned. Or rather it wouldn’t. It didn’t seem to fit. I had woken that morning pleasantly near the sea, at yesterday’s capricious place of appointment with the man who gave me my instructions and all I wanted beside. Did Wodehouse know it, I wondered. Of its Earl he had said that he stood gazing out over his domain, drooping like a wet sock, as was his habit when he had nothing to prop his spine against. All I wanted beside, I had thought. Hadn’t Chesterton said something about it’s being hemp at both ends? My job might prove him right.

# Notes
- Thomas Gainsborough, painter, died 2 August 1788
- "Henceforth I ask not good-fortune, I myself am good-fortune,/Henceforth I whimper no more, postpone no more, need nothing,/Done with indoor complaints, libraries, querulous criticisms,/Strong and content I travel the open road. "
	- Walt Whitman, "Song of the Open Road"
- "At the open window of the great library of Blandings Castle, drooping like a wet sock, as was his habit when he had nothing to prop his spine against, the Earl of Emsworth, that amiable and boneheaded peer, stood gazing out over his domain."
	- P. G. Wodehouse, "Leave it to Psmith"
- ""And what do you think about hashish, Mr. Crooke?" asked Ivywood, thoughtfully.
  "I think it's hemp at both ends," said the Chemist.
  "I fear," said Lord Ivywood, "I don't quite understand you."
  "A hempen drink, a murder, and a hempen rope. That's my experience in India," said Mr. Crooke."
	- G. K. Chesterton, "The Flying Inn"