---
tags:
  - CalabarBean
  - Pill
  - Surrey
  - WaltWhitman
location: Long Ditton, Surrey
narrator: "[[John]]"
---
What chemistry! That the winds are really not infectious. Now that I was approaching journey’s end, I began to ask myself disconcerting questions. It would be terrible if she turned out to be Flecker’s one. And some to Flecker turn to pray, and I toward thy bed. But I had probably got it wrong. Yet it was all right. Her spelling was different and it was long ago. Yes, but supposing she came of the family of Jack’s visitor, with Thornhill, who promised the opera? I could never be sure of that. I took a pill. But it was worth it. Yes, it was worth it. The bean bursts noiselessly through the mould in the garden. He certainly could put that sort of thing over, the dear old bean. Out of its little hill faithfully rise the potato’s dark green leaves. Thames Ditton’s sister, as Eric Parker calls her—and one remembered the Irishman’s malapropism in the same tale—had soon passed. Long she was ; but I did not linger to pay court to her.

# Notes
- "What chemistry!/That the winds are really not infectious,"
	- Walt Whitman, "This Compost"
- "And some to Mecca turn to pray,/and I toward thy bed,"
	- James Elroy Flecker, "Hassan's Seranade"
- "Thames Ditton's sister, Long Ditton, is probably known by sight by thousands of people who do not know its name."
	- Eric Parker, Highways and Byways in Surrey, 254
- Jack Sheppard, famous burglar, was painted by James Thornhill in prison