---
tags:
  - IceCream
  - Alexander
  - Aquarius
  - Writer
  - Doctor
  - John
  - Dawn
  - Cigarettes
  - FrancisThompson
related:
  - "[[1]]"
  - "[[60]]"
---
This is good. She accepts Lover’s Delight from me. She has spoken very little ; but she urges me to make trial of a Banana Split. Is there some esoteric meaning behind the titles? Now Ecky passes over to the Dawn. Alexander’s my name. They ca’d me Ecky when I was a boy. Eh, Ecky! Ye’re a awfu’ old man. Emotional stuff. Anyway Ecky has disappeared in the Dawn. I almost wish I took it. The hard stuff, I mean ; but it would ruin my hand. Where would my income be if Aquarius were to turn Gemini? She tells me a lot, each word huskily lisping over that round petulant vermilion lower lip, of a doctor friend of hers. I have only known her a few minutes ; but I hate to think she would change—her voice hits a pocket, just like a plane, when she talks of him—an honest station between King’s Cross and Edinburgh for—what is it?—being’s drone pipe, whose nostril turns to blight the strivelled stars and thicks the lusty breathing of the sun.
# Notes

# References
- The Aquarius pen is first mentioned in [[1]] - "at least this little pen, this mottled black and silver Aquarius"
- The Lover's Delight sundae is first mentioned in [[60]] - "I ordered Charles to spare no expense in confecting that Sundae known as Lover’s Delight for my companion."
- "That stings the heel of kings; true Fount of Youth,  
Where he that dips is deathless; being's drone-pipe;  
Whose nostril turns to blight the shrivelled stars,  
And thicks the lusty breathing of the sun;"
	- Francis Thompson, "An Anthem of Earth"