---
tags:
  - Church
  - Surrey
  - Cigarettes
date: 5 August
location: Bramley, Surrey
---
The picture of the Old Mill at Bramley, with its medlar tree overhanging the water, its octagonal brick dovecot, and its sweet water grape vine, had not detained me the day before. I had groped for my first cigarette of the day, eyes hardly open, a few miles on. So easily were things forgotten! I found it difficult to realise that to-day had once been an English holiday, like that other fifth, and for much the same reason. James had got off, the Earl and his brother Alexander had emphatically not. But the whole thing was not clear to me, and I doubted if it was to anyone. The two smells, of the medlar and the vine, had been the two notes of a chord, venetian red and peridot, that bit one ear gently and the other hard—or did I mean loud and tenuous?—a monotone save for this variation : once it had been hard, gentle, hard, hard, gentle, gentle, gentle hard. It had been a pretty smell.

# Notes
- 5 August 1600 - King James escapes assassination by Earl of Gowrie and his brother Alexander Ruthven
- "A mile south-west of Unstead Farm lies Bramley, which has grown up round the station of the single railway line running to Guildford. The restored church holds some good glass, but the prettiest thing in Bramley is an old mill which, with its medlar tree overhanging the water, its ducks and pigeons, its octagonal brick dovecot and lichened roofs, and its sweet-water grape vine clambering on the old walls, has a rich grace of colour and age setting it, in modern Bramley, a thing apart."
	- Highways and Byways in Surrey, p. 98
	- https://www.ajhw.co.uk/books/book44/book44.html#CHAPTER_VIII
- Morse code? `-.--...-`
	- Needs spacing between letters
		- TETTEEET NTTEEET TATEEET KTEEET TEMEEET NMEEET TWEEET YEEET TETNEET NTNEET TANEET KNEET TEGEET NGEET TPEET (EET TETTIET NTTIET TATIET KTIET TEMIET NMIET TWIET YIET TETDET NTDET TADET KDET TEZET NZET TÞET #ET TETTEIT NTTEIT TATEIT KTEIT TEMEIT NMEIT TWEIT YEIT TETNIT NTNIT TANIT KNIT TEGIT NGIT TPIT (IT TETTST NTTST TATST KTST TEMST NMST TWST YST TETBT NTBT TABT KBT TE7T N7T T#T #T TETTEEA NTTEEA TATEEA KTEEA TEMEEA NMEEA TWEEA YEEA TETNEA NTNEA TANEA KNEA TEGEA NGEA TPEA (EA TETTIA NTTIA TATIA KTIA TEMIA NMIA TWIA YIA TETDA NTDA TADA KDA TEZA NZA TÞA #A TETTEU NTTEU TATEU KTEU TEMEU NMEU TWEU YEU TETNU NTNU TANU KNU TEGU NGU TPU (U TETTV NTTV TATV KTV TEMV NMV TWV YV TET= NT= TA= K= TE# N# T# # 
	- "Bug" telegraph keys are pushed right or left, with the right push needing more force and sending a sequence of dots
		- `.-..---.`
		- ETEETTTE AEETTTE ENETTTE RETTTE ETITTTE AITTTE EDTTTE LTTTE ETEATTE AEATTE ENATTE RATTE ETUTTE AUTTE EXTTE ŁTTE ETEEMTE AEEMTE ENEMTE REMTE ETIMTE AIMTE EDMTE LMTE ETEWTE AEWTE ENWTE RWTE ETŬTE AŬTE E#TE #TE ETEETME AEETME ENETME RETME ETITME AITME EDTME LTME ETEAME AEAME ENAME RAME ETUME AUME EXME ŁME ETEEOE AEEOE ENEOE REOE ETIOE AIOE EDOE LOE ETEJE AEJE ENJE RJE ET2E A2E E#E #E ETEETTN AEETTN ENETTN RETTN ETITTN AITTN EDTTN LTTN ETEATN AEATN ENATN RATN ETUTN AUTN EXTN ŁTN ETEEMN AEEMN ENEMN REMN ETIMN AIMN EDMN LMN ETEWN AEWN ENWN RWN ETŬN AŬN E#N #N ETEETG AEETG ENETG RETG ETITG AITG EDTG LTG ETEAG AEAG ENAG RAG ETUG AUG EXG ŁG ETEEØ AEEØ ENEØ REØ ETIØ AIØ EDØ LØ ETEĴ AEĴ ENĴ RĴ ET# A# E# # 
	- https://pl.kotl.in/fTkFUkp2w - All spacing combinations; can feed into https://morsecode.world/international/translator.html