---
tags:
  - SherlockHolmesFan
  - Gardener
  - Gianiclis
  - Cigarettes
  - CarolineJasmine
  - AModernHerbal
  - Shakespeare
---
I considered that venerable whose winter Achilles thought to take from the lips of Cressida. Why not? I set fire to one end of him, gloatingly, and my nerves benefited. Electric Febrifuge may be ; but bad for life’s fitful fever. Its active ingredient had finally let me down. I was nothing if not generous. I started my fellow garden enthusiast on the foxgloves. He would appreciate that if he knew. Yes, I was doing my best for the dear girl. I wished I could make up (she would appreciate this) my mind about her. If we did decide—and that weighed with a girl—she would not have to change the initials on her parti-panties. I thought of the old spare-room in this very house, where Mrs. Gay used to lie upon her visits. When I was ill, I was put there, with the only dangling bell-wire in all the place, descending behind my head. I used of course to have nightmares of the Speckled Band, and awfully scream down the house.

# Notes
- Nestor Gianaclis cigarettes
	- "NESTOR And very courtly counsel. I’ll begin. So much for Nestor.
	  ACHILLES I’ll take that winter from your lips, fair lady. Achilles bids you welcome." 
		- Troillus and Cressida Act IV Scene 5
- Narrator and the girl share a last initial
- "Electric Febrifuge" is a fever medicine made from Carolina Jasmine
	- "This accidental error led to the preparation from the plant of a proprietary nostrum called the 'Electric Febrifuge.'"
		- https://www.botanical.com/botanical/mgmh/g/gelsem07.html
- "In restless ecstasy. Duncan is in his grave;/After life's fitful fever he sleeps well."
	- Macbeth Act III Scene 2

