---
tags:
  - John
  - Surrey
  - Verlane
narrator: "[[John]]"
location: Ockham, Surrey
---
I had always been proud of my namesake, the Great Lexicographer, as we, not unnaturally, called him in the family. But I wondered if part of my life would not rather horribly reverse his. After all he had been *born* at Colney Hatch. But no, for the goal of my pilgrimage might easily make it Broadmoor ; I rather hated that : portmanteau of Dartmoor and Broad arrows, with a little insanity thrown in. No, locked in, locked in! William the Schoolman—how like an old war song!—was of that place, and, in spite of Rysbrach’s statues of the first Lord King, it was charming. Le couchant dardait ses rayons suprêmes et le vent berçait les nénuphars blêmes ; les grands nénuphars entre les roseaux tristement luisaient sur les calmes eaux. Doctor Invincibilis, dear old Bill, he was no mean psychologist ; he had a razor. There I saw a hen and two sheep. It was a pity about Dickens’ insane jealousy of chickens, and one could really almost weep at his morbid mistrust of sheep.

# Notes
- The "Great Lexicographer" is [John Walker](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Walker_(lexicographer))
- John thinks he will die at Colney Hatch, London, where Walker was born
- [Broadmoor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadmoor_Hospital) is a mental hospital
- William the Schoolman is William of Ockham
	- Ockham is in Surrey, but Broadmoor is in neighboring Berkshire, about 15 miles away
- The "old war song" might be "A War Song to Englishmen" by William Blake
	- Schoolman/Norman (?)
	- "The Norman William, and the learnèd Clerk/And Lion Heart, and black-brow'd Edward, with/His loyal queen, shall rise, and welcome us!"
- Ockham village has statues of Lord King, who was born there and became Lord Chancellor
	- Highways and Byways in Surrey, p. 225
- French is a poem “Promenade sentimentale” by Paul Verlaine (1866)
	- "The setting sun cast its final rays/And the breeze rocked the pale water lilies;/Among the reeds, the huge water/Lilies shone sadly on the calm water."
	- Inspired and was original name for Claire de Lune
- Hen and Two Sheep is a painting by Flemish painter Louis Robbe (1806-1887) (?)
- Last line is a poem by Edmund Clerihew Bentley
