---
tags:
  - John
  - Letter
related:
  - "[[54]]"
date: 9 August
---
Needless to say I didn’t know that that was the last day. Afterwards I found it terrible to look back, and realise that I hadn’t made the most of it, or rather of all the little things that went to compose it, and the thousands that had gone before. I heard him read two things about a man and say that he had put in his appearance to-day. The quaint, old, cruel coxcomb, one was, in his gullet should have a hook. And the other called him a demure hypocrite or a blockhead. He must first torture his postman, the bait, and make him carry the letters of Bellerophon. But that was too big for me. My people had always owned allegiance to the McLeod of that ilk, among others. But until he told me about it to-day, I never knew that the Great Lexicographer had tasted Lotus with him. There was that in me which needed the exercise of fealty. To give all—as I had given all to him—was very bone of my bone.
# Notes
- "Letters of Bellerophon" - "Proetus dared not to satisfy his anger by killing a guest who is protected by _[xenia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xenia_(Greek) "Xenia (Greek)")_, causing him to finally exile Bellerophon to King Iobates, his father-in-law from the plain of the River [Xanthus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanthos "Xanthos") in [Lycia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lycia "Lycia"), bearing a sealed letter in a folded tablet which read: "Please remove this bearer from the world: he attempted to violate my wife, your daughter.""
	- Delivered in [[54]]
- "Angling, too, that solitary vice,/Whatever Izaak Walton sings or says;/The quaint, old, cruel coxcomb, in his gullet/Should have a hook, and a small trout to pull it."
	- Lord Byron, "Don Juan"
- "Away with such cant! Old Izaak must either have been a demure hypocrite, or a blockhead, unaware of the gross inconsistency between his profession and his practice."
	- Horace Smith, "The Tin Trumpet"
- Izaak Walton wrote The Complete Angler in 1593, and was controversial for recommending cruel treatment of bait
	- Born 9 August